Document checkpoint (#469)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/checkpoint.mdx

| power_level?            | float                                                                                                      | The power level                                                               |
| power_level_percentile? | float                                                                                                      | The percentage of power level                                                 |
| messages?               | [checkpoint message statistics](#checkpoint-message-statistics-structure) object                           | Statistics about messages sent by the current user within this year           |
| emojis?                 | [checkpoint emoji statistics](#checkpoint-emoji-statistics-structure) object                               | Statistics about emojis the current user used within this year                |
| voice?                  | [checkpoint voice statistics](#checkpoint-voice-statistics-structure) object                               | Statistics about voice activity from the current user within this year        |

> | guilds?                 | [checkpoint guilds statistics](#checkpoint-guilds-statistics-structure) object                             | Count of completed quests and collected orbs within this year                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| guilds?                 | [checkpoint guilds statistics](#checkpoint-guilds-statistics-structure) object                             | Statistics about guilds the current user was active in within this year |
```

| ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| num_messages_sent            | integer                                                                                               | Count of messages the current user sent within this year                                       |
| num_messages_sent_percentile | ?float                                                                                                | The percentage of messages sent globally minus percentage of messages sent by the current user |
| top_month                    | ?[checkpoint message top month statistics](#checkpoint-message-top-month-statistics-structure) object | The month the current user sent the most messages within this year                             |

###### Checkpoint Message Top Month Statistics Structure

| Field             | Type    | Description                                              |
| ----------------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |

> | month             | integer | The [month](#month-type)                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| month             | integer | The top month (1-12) |
```

| num_messages_sent? | integer                                               | Count of messages the current user sent in the guild within this year               |
| num_voice_minutes? | float                                                 | Duration in minutes that the current user spent while being in voice guild channels |
| guild              | partial [guild](/resources/guild#guild-object) object | The guild                                                                           |

###### Checkpoint Sidekick Structure

| Field             | Type                                               | Description                                                                 |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| user              | partial [user](/resources/user#user-object) object | The sidekick user                                                           |
| num_messages_sent | integer                                            | Count of messages the current user sent in sidekick user's DMs              |

> | num_voice_minutes | float                                              | Duration in minutes the current user spent being in call with sidekick user |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| num_voice_minutes | float                                              | Duration in minutes the current user spent being in call with the user |
```
